Creating TheRock provisioning script (#428)
ROCm/TheRock: README.md

- [Build Artifacts](docs/development/artifacts.md): Documentation about the outputs of the build system.
- [Releases Page](RELEASES.md): Documentation for how to leverage our build artifacts.
- [Roadmap for Support](ROADMAP.md): Documentation for our prioritized roadmap to support AMD GPUs.

## Provisioning TheRock 🪨

> In order to provision TheRock using either a release tag or CI runner build, use the `build_tool/provision.py` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provision TheRock using either the latest developer or automated nightly release or a specific CI runner build, use the `build_tool/provision.py` script.
```

Maybe we should rephrase a little to make clear what a user gets as also the developer and nightly builds are CI runner builds.

- [Build Artifacts](docs/development/artifacts.md): Documentation about the outputs of the build system.
- [Releases Page](RELEASES.md): Documentation for how to leverage our build artifacts.
- [Roadmap for Support](ROADMAP.md): Documentation for our prioritized roadmap to support AMD GPUs.

## Provisioning TheRock 🪨

In order to provision TheRock using either a developer/automated nightly release or a specific CI runner build, use the `build_tool/provision.py` script.

Provisioning script setup:

- `python3 -m venv venv`
- `source venv/bin/activate`
- `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- `python build_tools/provision.py --help`

Examples:

> - `python build_tools/provision.py --run-id 14474448215 --amdgpu-family gfx94X-dcgpu`: Downloads the gfx94X S3 artifacts from GitHub CI workflow run 14474448215 to the default output directory `therock-build`

Reviewer 2: These examples should [also] go in the script itself.

> - `python build_tools/provision.py --run-id 14474448215 --amdgpu-family gfx94X-dcgpu`: Downloads the gfx94X S3 artifacts from GitHub CI workflow run 14474448215 to the default output directory `therock-build`

Reviewer 2: You could link to https://github.com/ROCm/TheRock/actions/runs/14474448215 for `14474448215` so show where the number comes from. Same for any other example versions/ids.

> <br/>

Reviewer 2: Why newlines here?

Author: readability! thought it was really bunched up in the readme. if there's a strong opinion to remove those, i can!

Reviewer 2: How about this? Using fenced code blocks (triple backticks to start/end, rather than single backticks inline) also adds a copy button to each.

(I also trimmed some of the text)

---

### Examples

* Download gfx94X S3 artifacts from CI workflow run 14474448215 to the default output directory `therock-build/`:

    ```
    python build_tools/provision.py --run-id 14474448215 --amdgpu-family gfx94X-dcgpu
    ```

* Download the latest gfx110X artifacts from release tag `nightly-release` to `build/`:
    
    ```
    python build_tools/provision.py --release latest --amdgpu-family gfx110X-dgpu --output-dir build
    ```

* Download version `6.4.0rc20250416` gfx110X artifacts from release tag `nightly-release` to `build/`:
    
    ```
    python build_tools/provision.py --release 6.4.0rc20250416 --amdgpu-family gfx110X-dgpu --output-dir build
    ```

* Download version `6.4.0.dev0+8f6cdfc0d95845f4ca5a46de59d58894972a29a9` gfx120X artifacts from release tag `dev-release` to the default output directory `therock-build/`:

    ```
    python build_tools/provision.py --release 6.4.0.dev0+8f6cdfc0d95845f4ca5a46de59d58894972a29a9 --amdgpu-family gfx120X-all
    ```

---

Source:
````
### Examples

* Download gfx94X S3 artifacts from CI workflow run 14474448215 to the default output directory `therock-build/`:

    ```
    python build_tools/provision.py --run-id 14474448215 --amdgpu-family gfx94X-dcgpu
    ```

* Download the latest gfx110X artifacts from release tag `nightly-release` to `build/`:
    
    ```
    python build_tools/provision.py --release latest --amdgpu-family gfx110X-dgpu --output-dir build
    ```

* Download version `6.4.0rc20250416` gfx110X artifacts from release tag `nightly-release` to `build/`:
    
    ```
    python build_tools/provision.py --release 6.4.0rc20250416 --amdgpu-family gfx110X-dgpu --output-dir build
    ```

* Download version `6.4.0.dev0+8f6cdfc0d95845f4ca5a46de59d58894972a29a9` gfx120X artifacts from release tag `dev-release` to the default output directory `therock-build/`:

    ```
    python build_tools/provision.py --release 6.4.0.dev0+8f6cdfc0d95845f4ca5a46de59d58894972a29a9 --amdgpu-family gfx120X-all
    ```
````

Author: that'll work :)

- [Roadmap for Support](ROADMAP.md): Documentation for our prioritized roadmap to support AMD GPUs.

## Provisioning TheRock 🪨

In order to provision TheRock using either the latest developer/automated nightly release or a specific CI runner build, use the `build_tool/provision.py` script.

Provisioning script setup:

- `python3 -m venv venv`
- `source venv/bin/activate`
- `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- `python build_tools/provision.py --help`

Examples:

- `python build_tools/provision.py --run-id 14474448215 --amdgpu-family gfx94X-dcgpu`: Downloads the gfx94X S3 artifacts from GitHub CI workflow run 14474448215 to the default output directory `therock-build`

<br/>

- `python build_tools/provision.py --release-tag nightly-release --nightly-version latest --amdgpu-family gfx110X-dgpu --output-dir build`: Downloads the latest gfx110X artifacts from GitHub release tag `nightly-release` to the specified output directory `build`

<br/>

- `python build_tools/provision.py --release-tag 1.2.3 --amdgpu-family gfx110X-dgpu`: Downloads the gfx110X artifacts from GitHub release tag `1.2.3` to the default output directory `therock-build`

<br/>

> - `python build_tools/provision.py --release-tag nightly-release --nightly-version 20250416 --amdgpu-family gfx110X-dgpu`: Downloads the gfx110X artifacts on 2025-04-16 from GitHub release tag `nightly-release` to the default output directory `therock-build`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `python build_tools/provision.py --release-tag nightly-release --nightly-version 6.4.0rc20250416 --amdgpu-family gfx110X-dgpu`: Downloads the gfx110X artifacts on 2025-04-16 from GitHub release tag `nightly-release` to the default output directory `therock-build`
```

The version you have in the example is invalid.

<br/>

> - `python build_tools/provision.py --release-tag dev-release --dev-version 6.4.0 --amdgpu-family gfx120X-all`: Downloads the version 6.4.0 gfx120X artifacts from GitHub release tag `dev-release` to the default output directory `therock-build`

Reviewer: Same here. It must be in the format `X.Y.Z.dev0+${hash}`.

## Provisioning TheRock 🪨

> In order to provision TheRock using either the latest developer/automated nightly release or a specific CI runner build, use the `build_tool/provision.py` script.

Reviewer: This now doesn't match the examples below.

Examples:

- `python build_tools/provision.py --run-id 14474448215 --amdgpu-family gfx94X-dcgpu`: Downloads the gfx94X S3 artifacts from GitHub CI workflow run 14474448215 to the default output directory `therock-build`

<br/>

- `python build_tools/provision.py --release-tag nightly-release --nightly-version latest --amdgpu-family gfx110X-dgpu --output-dir build`: Downloads the latest gfx110X artifacts from GitHub release tag `nightly-release` to the specified output directory `build`

<br/>

> - `python build_tools/provision.py --release-tag 1.2.3 --amdgpu-family gfx110X-dgpu`: Downloads the gfx110X artifacts from GitHub release tag `1.2.3` to the default output directory `therock-build`

Reviewer: I am not sure if we will ever have pure `X.Y.Z` release tags as this would correspond to an official ROCm release.
